docs: update documentation for Talos 1.3 (#6632)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.3/talos-guides/upgrading-talos.md

* upgrade from 1.0 to latest patch of 1.0 - to v1.0.6
* upgrade from v1.0.6 to latest patch of 1.1 - to v1.1.2
* upgrade from v1.1.2 to v1.2.4

## Before Upgrade to {{% release %}}

### Custom CRI Configuration

If you were using a custom CRI configuration placed under `/var/cri/conf.d` with `.machine.files` setting, this will stop working after an upgrade to Talos 1.3.
Talos 1.3 fixes the way CRI configuration is merged, and introduces a [new location for custom CRI configuration]({{< relref "configuration/containerd" >}}).
The new location under `/etc/cri/conf.d` will not be accepted by Talos 1.2 and earlier, so if CRI configuration overrides are critical to boot Talos, the following upgrade flow can be used:

1. Update machine configuration before upgrade in `--mode=staged` (using `talosctl apply-config`, `talosctl patch mc` or `talosctl edit mc`).
   The new machine configuration will be only applied after the reboot (upgrade).
2. Perform an upgrade, after the upgrade Talos will pick up new CRI configuration.

### Reboot after Upgrade

> The new Talos 1.3.0 kernel has BTF debugging information, so `kexec` support will be disabled will be disabled on upgrade to prevent a `kexec` failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Talos 1.3.0 kernel has BTF debugging information, so `kexec` support will be disabled on upgrade preventing a `kexec` failure.
```
